docs(PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE): add Tests performed for small change template (#3389)
autowarefoundation/autoware: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/small-change.md

<!-- Write a brief description of this PR. -->

## Tests performed

<!-- Describe how you have tested this PR. -->

> <!-- Must fill in feat (feature), fix (bug fix), perf (performance), and any other PRs that should be tested. -->

Reviewer: How about this? I feel it's clearer than `any other PRs that should be tested`.
Also, I think this should be written also in `standard-change.md`.

```suggestion
<!-- Must fill in feat (feature), fix (bug fix), perf (performance), and any other non-trivial PRs. -->
```

Author: I think non-trivial PRs use standard template not small template.

Reviewer: Hmm, I thought you'd like to write the same content in both templates, but I misunderstood something.
So, could you describe the background and your purpose?
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/pull/3389#issuecomment-1492844394

Author: Ok, I updated the backgound in the PR description.

Reviewer: Thank you!
Then, how about this?

```suggestion
<!-- Although the default value is set to "Not Applicable.", please update this section if the type is either [feat, fix, perf], or if requested by the reviewers. -->
```

Reviewer: Sorry, maybe complete -> update would be better here? :thinking: 
I'll update the suggestion above.

Author: Perfects!!! Easier to understand, thank you.

> Not applicable

Reviewer: [nits]

```suggestion
Not applicable.
```
